 UK China Malaysia Main Menu Study Research Business Global About A-Z Search You are here: University of NottinghamComputer ScienceAbout the School School of Computer Science Home About the School Facts and FiguresFinding us Study with usResearchEquality and DiversityOutreach ActivitiesWorking with industryPeopleEventsNewsContact us Print Email this Page School Intranet Portal Search this Section About us The School of Computer Science at a glance The School of Computer Science at the University of Nottingham is a modern and dynamic place to work and study providing state-of-the-art facilities and undertaking internationally leading research.
The Computer Science building brings students into the centre of the picturesque Jubilee Campus, a short walk from the renowned University Park Campus and a stone's throw from the student heartland of Lenton.
The city centre of Nottingham is no more than a few minutes' bus ride away.
We pride ourselves on the friendly environment here and work hard to maintain a relationship between staff and students by holding frequent, non-teaching events such as coffee mornings and annual celebrations such as the Christmas party, a Chinese New Year meal and Summer Barbecues.
Naturally, the outstanding teaching and learning facilities are the ultimate draw to Nottingham but we feel that the little things do count and perhaps that is why we won the University Staff Oscar for Best School in 2014 and 2015! Prof.
Uwe Aickelin claiming 'Best School' award at the Staff Oscars in 2014 2014 was a bumper year for the School of Computer Science, not only did we win the 'Best School' prize but we also performed exceptionally well in our Research Excellence Framework assessment.
The REF ranked the School of Computer Science in the top 10 of all Computer Science departments in the UK in terms of research power.
88% of our research is considered of international level.
Research Groups in Computer Science Agents Lab Research in the Agents Lab spans the specification, design and implementation of agent-based systems, including logics for agents, agent programming and verification, and the application of agents in simulation and virtual environments.
Automated Scheduling, Optimisation & Planning The ASAP research group carries out multi-disciplinary research into mathematical models and algorithms for a variety of real-world optimisation problems under uncertainty.
Computer Vision Laboratory The CVL performs basic and applied research in image manipulation, analysis and computer vision.
Our goals are to develop novel and efficient techniques for the extraction of quantitative descriptions of viewed objects from a variety of images and image sequences, and to translate those techniques into high quality software tools that can be used to address real world problems.
Functional Programming Laboratory The aim of the FPL is to develop simple but powerful techniques for writing and reasoning about programs, by recognising and exploiting their underlying mathematical structure.
Intelligent Modelling and Analysis The IMA group has established itself as a unique brand in the UK for end-to-end data modelling and analysis.
We are a highly inter-disciplinary research group focusing on the development of models and techniques for real-world and multifaceted problems in data analysis.
Mixed Reality Laboratory The MRL is a dedicated studio facility within The University of Nottingham where computer scientists, psychologists, sociologists, engineers, architects and artists collaborate to explore the potential of ubiquitous, mobile and mixed reality technologies to shape everyday life.
Networked Systems The NSG is a new research group engaging in research in topics including platform and operating systems design, network monitoring and protocol design, and distributed and mobile systems.
A brief history The University’s first foray into the world of computing came in 1962 when the Cripps Computing Centre was founded and the first computing classes were taught in 1963 by Dr Eric Foxley of the Mathematics department.
1984 saw the humble beginnings of a detachment from Mathematics when the Computer Science Group moved into a row of three portakabins! The Department of Computer Science was founded and the top floor of the Tower Building became home in 1986.
We crept into every crack and crevice that became available there until finally relocating to the newly developed Jubilee Campus in the September 1999.
Since then, we have continued to expand greatly, both in terms of student intake and the development of the Horizon Doctoral Training Centre and Digital Economy Institute with close ties to Computer Science.
Facilities 24 hour access to expansive main computer lab and three smaller labs Newly refurbished lab space (2015) with over a hundred powerful PCs running Windows and Linux.
Extensive power points throughout the building for students to use their own devices.
Onsite technical services group WiFi available across Jubilee Campus Ample study space for group work in labs and common areas.
Private study areas are also available to students.
Robotics Lab [video] Community and Society Internally From the CS Guru Scheme put in place to help new students get to grips with their first year, to our esteemed societies: CompSoc and HackSoc, our students and staff are continually working together to create a friendly, supportive learning environment.
Externally We have an outreach presence in the community too.
A number of our staff and students are involved with Code Club and visit schools to spread the good word of computing! We also welcome schools to visit the department.
Study with us Facts and figures Finding us School of Computer Science University of NottinghamJubilee CampusWollaton Road Nottingham, NG8 1BB For all enquires please visit: www.nottingham.ac.uk/enquire Legal information Copyright Terms and conditions Privacy Posting rules Accessibility Freedom of information Charity gateway Cookie policy Get social Connect with the University of Nottingham through social media and our blogs.
Campus maps | More contact information | Jobs