 UK China Malaysia Main Menu Study Research Business Global About A-Z Search You are here: University of NottinghamComputer ScienceStudy with usAlumni profiles School of Computer Science HomeAbout the School Study with us Undergraduate degreesMasters degreesPostgraduate researchStudy AbroadEU StudentsAlumni Alumni profiles Careers and employabilityDisability informationInternational studentsVisiting usNew and returning students ResearchEquality and DiversityOutreach ActivitiesWorking with industryPeopleEventsNewsContact us Print Email this Page School Intranet Portal Search this Section Alumni profiles Paula Clerkin BSc Computer Science with Artifical Intelligence I graduated from Nottingham with a bachelor’s degree in Computer Science with Artificial Intelligence.
Since graduating, I have been working at the Defence Science and Technology Laboratory (DSTL) of the Ministry of Defence, following their graduate scheme.
My role as a Computer Scientist within the Counter Terrorism and Security division encompasses everything I learned in my degree particularly problem solving, agile development, working in mixed ability teams and software quality and best practices.
I had a wonderful time studying at Nottingham and it has prepared me extremely well for my career in science research and cutting edge technology.
Ben George MSc Computer Science and Entrepreneurship 2013BSc (Hons) Computer Science 2012 I graduated with a BSc in Computer Science in 2012 and then went on to pursue a MSc in Computer Science & Entrepreneurship, graduating in 2013.
Since graduating I have been working at J.P.
Morgan on the Technology Graduate Scheme.
My role at the company as a Software Engineer in Markets and Core Processing utilises many of the skills that I learned at University, in particular, agile development practices, leadership skills, working in Technology teams and numerous hard skills. At both undergraduate and postgraduate level Nottingham has prepared me extremely well for a career at a fast paced and leading edge technology environment.
Olivia Graham BSc (Hons) Computer Science 2013 I graduated from Nottingham in 2013 having completed my BSc in Computer Science with a one year industrial placement.
I am now working as a software engineer for the company with which I completed my placement year.
I really enjoyed studying computer science and I know that without the three years spent at Nottingham I wouldn’t be in such a good career position.
The placement year was invaluable – It gave me a chance to develop my skills in a real working environment and see how things are done on an enterprise scale.
On returning for my final year I had a much stronger focus and motivation to succeed in getting the grade that I wanted.
I regularly find that I am using knowledge that I learned whilst studying, and I feel that I have a strong foundation in Computer Science that I’m sure I will continue to use for the rest of my career.
See Olivia's and Ben's profiles when they were studying with the School.
Nick Poxon MSc Computer Science and Entrepreneurship 2012 Since graduation I have been working as a Graduate Testing Consultant in a fast growing London-based IT company keen to promote an entrepreneurial spirit within the business.
I have found that I have been able to apply the skills I have acquired during the course to think creatively within my role.
The masters qualification was very attractive to many companies that approached me after graduation, with many suitors intrigued by the potential skills that this particular course provides.
Phil Morton BSc (Hons) Computer Science 2010 I graduated in 2010, having done the G400 BSc Computer Science degree, which covered a whole spectrum of subjects, from mathematical theory to human-computer interaction.
Through web design, I became interested in how to improve the user experience of software and immediately after leaving Nottingham I joined an agency in London who specialise in this.
These days I help companies make sure that what they build is easy and desirable to use.
Balsam Alsugair MSc Interactive Systems Design 2009currently undertaking a PhD in Computer Science Having completed a postgraduate masters at Nottingham, my current multi disciplinary research is based around using social networks as potential learning resources, combining education with computer science, peer learning and social networks, specifically looking at children in UK key stage 3 (ages 11-14).After I complete my PhD, I plan to return to my sponsoring body, King Saud University, Riyadh, Saudi Arabia, where I will be a lecturer.
I will be part of the Human Computer Interaction (HCI) research group there and will be continuing my research in that field.
Kate Saunders BSc (Hons) Computer Science 2004 I graduated from the School of Computer Science with a BSc (Hons) Computer Science in 2004.
I did a summer placement working in the ICT Department at Nottingham City Hospital before my 3rd year, and I went back there after graduating for 2.5 years.
During that time I developed and supported bespoke database driven clinical systems that allowed staff to access, analyse and manipulate patient data.
Next I joined the IBM graduate programme in 2007.
I worked in a variety of Software Engineering roles including WebSphere MQ Test Infrastructure, WebSphere MQ User Experience Test, WebSphere Application Server Messaging System Test and WebSphere Application Server Web Services Development.
And finally I have recently moved into a consultancy role in IBM Software Services for WebSphere where I'm mainly focussed on WebSphere Cast Iron Cloud Integration.
My degree gave me a good foundation that allowed me to pick up new technical skills quickly, which is essential because the IT industry is constantly changing.
I also learned valuable softer skills such as communication, teamwork, delivering to deadlines and presentation skills.
Matthew Walton BSc (Hons) Computer Science 2003 I graduated in 2003 with a 2:1 BSc (Hons) Computer Science.
Once I started looking for jobs it was immediately obvious that recruiters considered Nottingham an excellent university and my degree to be very strong, and it took only a few weeks before I was offered a job as a software engineer at a startup in Cambridge.
This was a role intended for a new graduate, and as such it was ideal for me to learn many things about practical software engineering in industry, building on the foundations laid down during my degree.
I have since used that experience in another role at a large international company in Nottingham, where skills from my university studies continued to be relevant nearly every day as we delved into high-performance multi-threaded network programming.
Recently, as a significant change in focus, I've had reason to appreciate my Nottingham-taught knowledge of functional programming helping me to move on to an internal software development position at a renewable energy company.
School of Computer Science University of NottinghamJubilee CampusWollaton Road Nottingham, NG8 1BB For all enquires please visit: www.nottingham.ac.uk/enquire Legal information Copyright Terms and conditions Privacy Posting rules Accessibility Freedom of information Charity gateway Cookie policy Get social Connect with the University of Nottingham through social media and our blogs.
Campus maps | More contact information | Jobs