 UK China Malaysia Main Menu Study Research Business Global About A-Z Search You are here: University of NottinghamComputer ScienceStudy with usMasters degrees School of Computer Science HomeAbout the School Study with us Undergraduate degrees Masters degrees Admissions and applicationsFees and scholarshipsMasters student profiles Postgraduate researchStudy AbroadEU StudentsAlumniAlumni profilesCareers and employabilityDisability informationInternational studentsVisiting usNew and returning students ResearchEquality and DiversityOutreach ActivitiesWorking with industryPeopleEventsNewsContact us Print Email this Page School Intranet Portal Search this Section Masters degrees Taught postgraduate programmes in the School of Computer Science We have two masters level programmes that were developed to reflect our academic activity.
Our masters in Computer Science has a flexible syllabus offers graduates the chance to exploit our diverse research and learn from leaders in the fields of artificial intelligence, computer vision and functional programming to name a few! The Human Computer Interaction masters is taught alongside the Department of Mechanical, Materials and Manufacturing Engineering and takes a 'human factors' approach to designing novel ways for people to interact with technology.
MSc Computer Science one year, full time a course designed for both experienced and budding programmers This course was designed to offer both a fast-track yet robust computing syllabus to graduates with limited computing knowledge while at the same time offering a rigorous programme of advanced and exciting new concepts for Computer Science graduates.
Computer Science prospectus page MSc Human Computer Interaction one year, full time a course that bridges computing concepts with human factors engineering This programme combines a computing core with elements of electronic engineering to offer students a theoretical grounding, practical knowledge and the hands-on experience needed to shape future computing systems for the 21st century.
Human Computer Interaction prospectus page How to apply Check to see whether you meet our entry requirements by checking our prospectus.
If you are unsure, please feel free to get in touch! Good to go? Apply now! Employability and Further Study A masters from the School of Computer Science is a gateway to careers in industry and further study.
Whether you are readying yourself for industry, expanding your existing expertise, preparing for a PhD or even looking for a change of direction, a masters in CS can do it all.
Fly high with a masters! From our Destination of Leavers from Higher Education Survey, we found that 87.5% of our graduates found employment or went onto further study in 2013/14.
Nottingham has come second in the last two reports by High Fliers Research, a list of universities targeted by the largest number of top employers in 2015-16. The reports are based on research conducted with the UK’s leading graduate employers including BP, EDF Energy, the Civil Service, IBM, Goldman Sachs, PwC, Google and HSBC.
With a dedicated Careers and Employability Service, our students have access to a wealth of careers expertise, resources and practical assistance such as mock interviews, CV workshops and much more.
PhDs at Nottingham Studying for a masters develops the excellent research skills requisite for further academia and is a great way to find a specialism that really excites you.
The School of Computer Science has eight research groups that cover a spectrum of computing research areas, you could apply for a funded PhD with us at the end of your course! Find out more about postgraduate research degrees here.
International High Achievers Scholarships The School of Computer Science High Achievers Postgraduate Taught International Scholarships are open to international fee paying students*.
MSc Computer Science High Achievers Scholarship: £2000 for applicants with a first-class bachelors degree or equivalent international qualification MSc Human Computer Interaction High Achievers Scholarship: £1000 for applicants with a first-class bachelors degree or equivalent international qualification If you qualify for one of our scholarships, a cheque will be automatically generated once you have completed the Autumn Semester.
You do not need to apply for this scholarship.
*Please note that High Achievers Scholarships are not available to the awardees of other University of Nottingham full tuition fee scholarships.
Fees and Funding Tuition fees—home, EU and international students Our fees are listed on the page below: Postgraduate taught course fees 2016/17 You will be sent confirmation of your course fees with your offer letter.
Funding Home and EU students may benefit from the Government's *new postgraduate loans scheme* that will commence in September 2016, more info on the scheme and other means of funding for Home and EU students is available here.
International Students can find a comprehensive guide to applications and funding on the International Office website.
Budgeting In addition to tuition fees, you will also need to take living expenses into consideration.
The University's general living costs page has lots of helpful tips and tools for helping you budget.
School of Computer Science University of NottinghamJubilee CampusWollaton Road Nottingham, NG8 1BB For all enquires please visit: www.nottingham.ac.uk/enquire Legal information Copyright Terms and conditions Privacy Posting rules Accessibility Freedom of information Charity gateway Cookie policy Get social Connect with the University of Nottingham through social media and our blogs.
Campus maps | More contact information | Jobs